Mr. Ji just broke a lot of news online
The flag of a music company
The next batch of artists and singers
Now both the music company market share price has plummeted
The head office has also been affected to a certain extent
Mr. Ji, what should we do?
Let the public relations department suppress the hot search first
The PR department is already in custody
But the topic trendiness is rising too fast
I feel like someone is behind the hype
The person behind it has been investigated
And
Is the confirmation information true?
Don't owe Mr. Ji
It happened too suddenly
I haven't found out who is behind it yet.
But now the only certainty is
Some of these gangs are real and some are fake
true or false
Since it is true
Then there will be a lot of subconscious questions
All the black stuff is real
Then first confirm which ones are true
Which ones are fake?
Understood Mr. Ji
What should Mr. Ji do now?
The country is about to drop by the limit.
Issue a statement first
show
Our company will continue to follow up and investigate this matter.
If it is true
We will punish the corresponding violators.
If it is fake
We will also take legal weapons
Yeah, spreading rumors.
Those who caused losses to Shaus will be held accountable
Keep the PR department ready at all times
Got it, yeah.
Still need to investigate
Who leaked a person's whereabouts?
This person should still be in the company
That's him!